okay why am i in the sewer man does a
stink in here and what happened to that
howdy hot hot hot I need to find my way
out of here why does this smell like
feces in pizza hey who are you what are
you doing in our front yard sorry I'm a
little lost
so let me get this straight your teenage
but your Mutant ninja's for some reason
and of course your Turtles do you have
some kind of group name well not really
where did you come from anyway and you
need to go back to where you came from
Wow
Raph that's racist like we're back to
Africa you're terrible that's not what I
meant
let me rephrase it he does not belong
here come on now many saying things like
that because of the way he looks he's a
different color
I mean species can the racism please
stop I mean we got a black president
hello my sons I see we have a guest you
know you guys have a serious rat problem
he's our Father oh you guys must take
after your mother how about you join us
for some pizza
pizza for breakfast this is my new home
Oh April's in trouble we must save her
go
what hey thanks for letting me tag along
guys but what's so special about this
girl you're trying to say guys great
you're here oh I can think of two huge
reasons now who did this to you
no you first me don't cut yourself what
oh now you're safe April how about a hug
shredders defeated then let's go eat
some pizza again but we just ate some
like a large each starting to understand
why it feels like feces it's your sewer
now so after you guys eat your pizzas
you just kind of go anywhere I notice I
didn't see any toilets around but so
it's just kind of just laying out I mean
makes sense I mean your Turtles did you
learn that part Hey look my ride home